# synclient::DownloadFromTableRequest

A CSV table download request.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additionalFilters** | **array[object]** | Appends additional filters to the SQL query. These are applied before facets. Filters within the list have an AND relationship. If a WHERE clause already exists on the SQL query or facets are selected, it will also be ANDed with the query generated by these additional filters.  | [optional] 
**includeEntityEtag** | **character** | Optional, default false. When true, a query results against views will include the Etag of each entity in the results. Note: The etag is necessary to update Entities in the view.  | [optional] 
**limit** | **integer** | The optional limit to the results | [optional] 
**offset** | **integer** | The optional offset into the results | [optional] 
**selectedFacets** | [**array[FacetColumnRequest]**](FacetColumnRequest.md) | The selected facet filters. | [optional] 
**sort** | [**array[SortItem]**](SortItem.md) | To sort values | [optional] 
**sql** | **character** | The SQL query string. | [optional] 
**concreteType** | **character** | Concrete Type | [optional] 
**csvTableDescriptor** | [**CsvTableDescriptor**](CsvTableDescriptor.md) |  | [optional] 
**entityId** | **character** | Entity Id | [optional] 
**includeRowIdAndRowVersion** | **character** | Should the first two columns contain the row ID and row version? The default value is &#39;true&#39;.  | [optional] [default to TRUE]
**writeHeader** | **character** | Should the first line contain the columns names as a header in the resulting file? Set to &#39;true&#39; to include the headers else, &#39;false&#39;. The default value is &#39;true&#39;.  | [optional] [default to TRUE]


